sambad.md, before:


> **Product Identity Notice**
>
> This repository implements the private, single-client B2C application known publicly as **Private Sambad**. The repository name "sambad" is for internal use only and does not indicate a multi-tenant platform or SaaS. "B2C" is an internal classification and not part of the public product branding. The Sales Management OS is used solely for rule validation and governance, not for runtime or deployment.

## 2025-12-31: Real-Time WebSocket Sync

- WebSocket server added to backend (`src/websocket.ts`, integrated in `src/index.ts`).
- Backend emits events for contact/message changes to all connected admin dashboards.
- Admin dashboard (Flutter) connects via `web_socket_channel` and updates UI instantly on new events.
- All changes and rationale are tracked in `WEBSOCKET_SYNC.md`.

# Private Sambad Documentation

---

## Tech Stack Implemented
_Flutter (Dart) for user and admin apps, Dio (networking, migrated from http for scalability), Node.js/TypeScript backend (Apollo Server, GraphQL), PostgreSQL (TypeORM), JWT authentication, HTTPS, security best practices._

---

## User App Logic (Frontend)
- Login page with country picker and mobile validation (admin-configurable login methods: OTP, Google, Apple, Face Recognition)
- Contacts management (add, search, list)
- One-to-one and group chat (auto-clearance, end-to-end encryption ready, AES-GCM for local storage)
- Image, document, and voice sharing (auto-deletion, privacy enforced)
- Privacy: screenshot/camera blocking, consent management, admin-controlled features
- All networking via Dio for robust, scalable API calls
- See `app_user/frontend/LOGIC.md` for full details and business rules

---

## Admin App Logic (Frontend)
- User/group management, feature toggles, audit logs, analytics, sub-admin rights, real-time controls, and theme management
- Admin can enable/disable login methods and privacy features for user app (synced in real time)
- Audit trail: all admin actions logged (feature toggles, user/group block/unblock, call/video access, etc.)
- Sub-admin management and rights assignment
- Real-time user device access (microphone, camera, location) with user consent
- Analytics dashboard with growth, activity, and filterable metrics
- Dark/light theme toggle, strict color/contrast rules for accessibility
- All networking via Dio for robust, scalable API calls
- See `sambad_admin/frontend/LOGIC.md` for full details and business rules

---

## Backend Logic (Admin & API)
- Node.js (TypeScript), Apollo Server (GraphQL), PostgreSQL (TypeORM)
- User registration, login, JWT-based authentication
- Contacts, one-to-one and group chat, admin data model
- GraphQL API for all data access, REST endpoints for integration
- End-to-end encryption ready (client-side)
- Passwords hashed with bcrypt, HTTPS, input validation, JWT for all API requests
- Admin and sub-admin logic, RBAC, audit trails, real-time sync
- See `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/LOGIC.md` and `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/README.md` for setup, API, and business rules

---

## Migration Notes
- 2025-12-31: Migrated all networking from `http` to `dio` in both user and admin apps for scalability and advanced features. Documented in respective `ApiService` files and logic docs.

---

## Directory Structure
- `app_user/` — User-facing app (Flutter)
- `sambad_admin/` — Admin-facing app (Flutter)
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/` — Node.js/TypeScript backend
- See each app's `LOGIC.md` for detailed logic and business rules

---

## Change Log
- All major changes, migrations, and tech stack decisions are recorded here and in per-app `LOGIC.md` files

---

## References
- `app_user/frontend/LOGIC.md` — User app logic and business rules
- `sambad_admin/frontend/LOGIC.md` — Admin app logic and business rules
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/LOGIC.md` — Backend logic and API
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/README.md` — Backend setup and API summary

---

## PostgreSQL Credentials (Backend)
**Username:** postgres
**Password:** changeme

These credentials are used for the Sambad backend database connection. Update your environment variables or TypeORM config if you change them.

### How to create the role manually
1. Open terminal and run:
   ```sh
   psql -U <your_mac_user> -d postgres
   ```
2. In the psql prompt, run:
   ```sql
   CREATE ROLE postgres WITH LOGIN PASSWORD 'changeme';
   ALTER ROLE postgres CREATEDB;
   ```

**Security Note:** Change the password for production deployments and restrict access as needed.

---

For questions, contact the project maintainer.

Commit message:

docs: add repository overview and onboarding quick start

sambad.md, after:



> **Product Identity Notice**
>
> This repository implements the private, single-client B2C application known publicly as **Private Sambad**. The repository name "sambad" is for internal use only and does not indicate a multi-tenant platform or SaaS. "B2C" is an internal classification and not part of the public product branding. The Sales Management OS is used solely for rule validation and governance, not for runtime or deployment.

## Repository Overview

This repository implements the private, single-client B2C product **Private Sambad**. It contains:
- `app_user/` — Flutter user app (B2C)
- `sambad_admin/` — Flutter admin console
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/` — Node.js + TypeScript backend
- `_ARCHIVE_sambad_legacy/` and other experimental folders — NOT part of production runtime; for reference and legacy only

> **Note:** Only the directories listed above are maintained for production. All other folders are for legacy, experimental, or archival purposes and should not be used for new development.

## Onboarding Quick Start

1. Read the "Product Identity Notice" above.
2. For user app development, see `app_user/frontend/README.md` and `LOGIC.md`.
3. For admin console, see `sambad_admin/frontend/README.md` and `LOGIC.md`.
4. For backend/API, see `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/README.md` and `LOGIC.md`.
5. Ignore `_ARCHIVE_sambad_legacy/` and any folders not listed in the Repository Overview.
6. For credentials and environment setup, see the "PostgreSQL Credentials" section below.

## 2025-12-31: Real-Time WebSocket Sync

- WebSocket server added to backend (`src/websocket.ts`, integrated in `src/index.ts`).
- Backend emits events for contact/message changes to all connected admin dashboards.
- Admin dashboard (Flutter) connects via `web_socket_channel` and updates UI instantly on new events.
- All changes and rationale are tracked in `WEBSOCKET_SYNC.md`.

# Private Sambad Documentation

---

## Tech Stack Implemented
_Flutter (Dart) for user and admin apps, Dio (networking, migrated from http for scalability), Node.js/TypeScript backend (Apollo Server, GraphQL), PostgreSQL (TypeORM), JWT authentication, HTTPS, security best practices._

---

## User App Logic (Frontend)
- Login page with country picker and mobile validation (admin-configurable login methods: OTP, Google, Apple, Face Recognition)
- Contacts management (add, search, list)
- One-to-one and group chat (auto-clearance, end-to-end encryption ready, AES-GCM for local storage)
- Image, document, and voice sharing (auto-deletion, privacy enforced)
- Privacy: screenshot/camera blocking, consent management, admin-controlled features
- All networking via Dio for robust, scalable API calls
- See `app_user/frontend/LOGIC.md` for full details and business rules

---

## Admin App Logic (Frontend)
- User/group management, feature toggles, audit logs, analytics, sub-admin rights, real-time controls, and theme management
- Admin can enable/disable login methods and privacy features for user app (synced in real time)
- Audit trail: all admin actions logged (feature toggles, user/group block/unblock, call/video access, etc.)
- Sub-admin management and rights assignment
- Real-time user device access (microphone, camera, location) with user consent
- Analytics dashboard with growth, activity, and filterable metrics
- Dark/light theme toggle, strict color/contrast rules for accessibility
- All networking via Dio for robust, scalable API calls
- See `sambad_admin/frontend/LOGIC.md` for full details and business rules

---

## Backend Logic (Admin & API)
- Node.js (TypeScript), Apollo Server (GraphQL), PostgreSQL (TypeORM)
- User registration, login, JWT-based authentication
- Contacts, one-to-one and group chat, admin data model
- GraphQL API for all data access, REST endpoints for integration
- End-to-end encryption ready (client-side)
- Passwords hashed with bcrypt, HTTPS, input validation, JWT for all API requests
- Admin and sub-admin logic, RBAC, audit trails, real-time sync
- See `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/LOGIC.md` and `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/README.md` for setup, API, and business rules

---

## Migration Notes
- 2025-12-31: Migrated all networking from `http` to `dio` in both user and admin apps for scalability and advanced features. Documented in respective `ApiService` files and logic docs.

---

## Directory Structure
- `app_user/` — User-facing app (Flutter)
- `sambad_admin/` — Admin-facing app (Flutter)
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/` — Node.js/TypeScript backend
- See each app's `LOGIC.md` for detailed logic and business rules

---

## Change Log
- All major changes, migrations, and tech stack decisions are recorded here and in per-app `LOGIC.md` files

---

## References
- `app_user/frontend/LOGIC.md` — User app logic and business rules
- `sambad_admin/frontend/LOGIC.md` — Admin app logic and business rules
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/LOGIC.md` — Backend logic and API
- `app_user/backend/sambad_backend/README.md` — Backend setup and API summary

---

## PostgreSQL Credentials (Backend)
**Username:** postgres
**Password:** changeme

These credentials are used for the Sambad backend database connection. Update your environment variables or TypeORM config if you change them.

### How to create the role manually
1. Open terminal and run:
   ```sh
   psql -U <your_mac_user> -d postgres
   ```
2. In the psql prompt, run:
   ```sql
   CREATE ROLE postgres WITH LOGIN PASSWORD 'changeme';
   ALTER ROLE postgres CREATEDB;
   ```

**Security Note:** Change the password for production deployments and restrict access as needed.

---

For questions, contact the project maintainer.
